Add (optional) excalidraw custom asset path (#1654)
yuzutech/kroki: docs/modules/setup/pages/configuration.adoc

Most modern browsers https://stackoverflow.com/questions/417142/what-is-the-maximum-length-of-a-url-in-different-browsers/417184#417184[support a URI length greater than 64000] on `<img>` tags but this value is probably a bit excessive.
We recommend to use a maximum length that's not greater than 8192 and not greater than 5120 if you are supporting IE 11.

> == Excalidraw Asset Path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Excalidraw static assets
```

> By default excalidraw loads the assets from a public CDN. (unkpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Excalidraw loads assets from a public CDN (https://unpkg.com).
```

> Its possible to change this behaviour over the KROKI_EXCALIDRAW_ASSET_PATH env variable, which is empty by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to change this behavior by setting the `KROKI_EXCALIDRAW_ASSET_PATH` environment variable, which is empty by default.
```

> More informationen about the asset path can be found here: https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about Excalidraw' static assets can be found here: https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/installation
```
